# Intro

- I spent the first part of my life studying philosophy, and then physics, and I am very grateful for the time I was able to spend doing that. But I always craved the idea of doing science in a way that would be more directly related to urgent problems in the world than my research fields tended to allow for. I'm currently part of a research collective that attempts to do rigorous science and engineering mostly outside the academy, driven by the needs of communities already being impacted by climate change, and using cooperative, open-source modes of scientific and technological production. We work out of Artisan's Asylum in Somerville, an enormous warehouse full of artists, engineers, hobbyists, retirees, and awol students, replete with a machine shop, a wood shop, an electronics shop, welding facilities, large CNC machines that can carve a topo map of a watershed out of glued layers of plywood. A recent project involved leveraging the materials and expertise around copper etching from the jewelry shop to produce circuit boards intended for wireless soil moisture monitoring for a dairy farm in Maine.  We're sort of the anarchist alternative to the Media Lab. Come visit us, I'll give you a tour of the facility on a scooter. You'll love it.

There were many contradictions that emerged for me when I initially left academia and began working in the areas of environmental advocacy and regenerative agriculture. Most of these arose from attempting to work in a cross-disicplinary manner. I would like to asdfI've also spent a good deal of time hanging out in yurts with very clever farmers in New Hampshire, drinking whiskey and debating, for example, the finer points of feminist epistemology.  Hanging out in a yurt drinking whiskey seems self-explanatory, but there was a reason:  tensions and contradictions that emerged for me when I first left academia, and was working with non-profit organizations in the areas of environmental advocacy and regenerative agriculture.
